Che in vCluster Tip (#3)
maheshrajrp/che-docs: modules/administration-guide/pages/installing-che-on-the-virtual-kubernetes-cluster.adoc

[id="installing-{prod-short}-on-the-virtual-kubernetes-cluster.adoc"]
= Installing {prod-short} on the virtual {kubernetes} cluster

> With vCluster, you can run a virtual {kubernetes} cluster running entirely on pods within an actual {kubernetes} cluster. Unlike a typical {kubernetes} cluster, virtual clusters do not have their own node pools or networking. The workloads are scheduled inside the underlying host namespace.  
> 
> TIP: You can also use vClusters to install {prod-short} in cases where {prod-short} typically cannot be installed. For example, when {prod-short} is to be installed in a specific version of {kubernetes} cluster that is not supported by the {prod-short} or when the cloud provider doesn't support external OIDC, running {prod-short} within vCluster would help circumvent the issue.
> 
> This section describe how to install {prod-short} on the virtual link:https://www.vcluster.com/docs/what-are-virtual-clusters[{kubernetes} cluster].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section describe how to install {prod-short} on the virtual link:https://www.vcluster.com/docs/what-are-virtual-clusters[{kubernetes} cluster].

Virtual clusters are fully working {kubernetes} clusters that run on top of other  {kubernetes} clusters. Compared to fully separate "real" clusters, virtual clusters reuse worker nodes and networking of the host cluster. They have their own control plane and schedule all workloads into a single namespace of the host cluster. Like virtual machines, virtual clusters partition a single physical cluster into multiple separate ones.

`vClusters` offer a solution for deploying {prod-short} in scenarios where its installation would normally be impossible. This includes situations where the desired version of a {kubernetes} cluster is incompatible with {prod-short}, or when the Could Service Provider lacks support for external OIDC. Utilizing `vClusters` allows for the bypassing of these constraints, enabling {prod-short} to function as needed.
```
